[FEC-715] Add inline EzButton variant (#997)
ezcater/recipe: packages/recipe/src/components/EzButton/EzButton.md

### Basic Buttons

EzButton supports `filled` (default), `outlined`, `text`, and `inline` variants.

`filled` buttons are high-emphasis and contain actions that are primary. There should not be more than one primary button in a section of a page.

`outlined` buttons are medium-emphasis and contain actions that are secondary, which are important but aren't the primary action. A page or section should not have more than two secondary buttons.

`text` buttons are typically used for less-pronounced actions than primary or secondary actions. They may also be used when space is a constraint or when content is repeated many times on a page.

`inline` buttons are `text` buttons that align with surrounding text.

```jsx

> <EzLayout>
>   <EzButton>Filled</EzButton>
>   <EzButton variant="outlined">Outlined</EzButton>
>   <EzButton variant="text">Text</EzButton>
>   Lorem <EzButton variant="inline">Text</EzButton> ipsum.
> </EzLayout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<EzLayout layout="stack">
  <EzLayout>
    <EzButton>Filled</EzButton>
    <EzButton variant="outlined">Outlined</EzButton>
    <EzButton variant="text">Text</EzButton>
  </EzLayout>
  <div>
    This <EzButton variant="inline">Inline</EzButton> button is between text.
  </div>
</EzLayout>
```
